today I want to get into a topic which I
don't normally discuss and that is the
two sides of the equation is this the
global economic collapse or should I
take all of my savings and put them into
the stock market you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
today we'll get into this I've taken
down some notes that I want to make
we'll cover this as quickly and
concisely as possible so stay with me
here beginning with the facts number one
we have quantitative easing that has
been going on for several years now and
it has become an unprecedented
experiment okay so we know that despite
the fact that Federal Reserve printed
trillions and trillions of dollars they
pushed those out into the system bought
off all the worst garbage they bailed
out Banks and institutions all around
the world they've supposedly stopped
that but you still have the bank of
Japan you still have the ECB and other
banks around the world still monetizing
debt still purchasing the garbage from
corporations this is being done to the
tune of hundreds of billions of dollars
every single month so we know that's
happening that's a fact you also have
interest rates interest rates are
historically very very low even with the
Bank of Canada raising them recently you
had the uh obviously the FED raising
them it's still historically extremely
low these are easy monetary policies and
then we look at the stock BuyBacks this
has been at an near record high or
all-time record high depending where you
look and you'll see that this is a fact
that pushes the stock prices up it's
undeniable so they're able to basically
engage in a way to have this stock
market continue continue to rise and
Rise Financial figures that we are
seeing out there are fraudulent it is a
fact that we can see the GDP numbers
that are fake we can see all of the
other inflation unemployment every type
of number that they're giving us is
essentially either manipulated or
completely fraudulent all right now
what's what's the deal here should we
get on the
bandwagon should we proceed to just say
fine everything's fake but why not ride
the wave why not you make a good
argument and in some ways I was almost
willing to concede with people to just
maybe not even touch the topic at all or
just approach it a different way because
so many people now even people who
subscribe perhaps people who are
watching are into that are are simply
saying look I lost so much money doing
what I was doing before I lost out on
the opportunity from 2009 let's say to
2012 or 13 or on and I'm just riding the
wave I'm going to do this and they have
seemed to have had their assets
appreciate that's something that you
could do if you decide to do so but I've
decided now to simply double down on my
efforts here and on my thoughts and that
I will not be giving into that I'm going
to stand on my principles and understand
that this is the global economic
collapse not because of what's happening
with the stock market but simply what's
happening in the world I've traveled to
many cities around the world and I see
the exact same thing you have a
shrinking middle class you have poverty
which is increasing you have turmoil
that occurs um either it's going on
civil or you have sort of an external
threat whether you know when you look in
Europe for example that right there is
not a good sign for the economy it's a
fact okay look at this if we're going to
just use appreciation as an example for
what has happened look at
cryptocurrencies cryptocurrencies have
risen dramatically much much faster than
what we have seen with the um stocks
different stocks okay so if it's going
simply by
the appreciation levels then you would
probably want to look at cryptos because
they have increased dramatically since
the beginning of
2017 even when the prices have come down
high very high from their peaks it seems
like they have done a much much better
job than other currencies they've done a
much better job than all of the
different asset classes so just based on
appreciation if everyone wants that why
not why not drop all your money your
hard ear savings into cryptos but you
think it's a scam
maybe you do all right then you look at
this what about the market euphoria that
we've experienced that's the way I see
it I see that people have ultimately put
everything that they have into this
right now whether it's cryptos whether
it is um you know the the stock market
in general and that's the the issue that
I that I'm seeing with a lot of people
they have engaged in what I call the
stage three Market or bull market stage
three is where everybody forgets about
the fundamentals forgets about reality
and they simply dump everything they
have into it that's
worrisome like I said if this was all
about appreciation then cryptos have the
highest potential if you're worried
about then the moral issue of certain
stocks do you want to invest in Monsanto
if you knew that it was going to rise
most people would say yes that's fine I
don't care me personally I don't agree
with that when you look at the S&P 500
Dow Jones whatever you look at these all
these stocks none of these big
corporations here have any sort of Mom
and Pop Shop feel to them you're not
investing with them it's not as if you
gave $50,000 to the bakery near your
house and you were supporting him and
then you were getting that funding back
in some sort of way that's not what this
is this is big corporations who use
their criminality use their power and
their uh political power behind it to
influence you and I to inject mainstream
media propaganda Financial media
propaganda and everything else this
isn't the way this goes on it's you and
I are basically being suckered in by
them that's the way it all works so I
don't agree with investing in the in
these stocks right now anyway I'm not
necessarily suggesting that there won't
be a good time to make money maybe now's
the time but me personally I don't agree
with it I don't agree with it right now
maybe in the future I will I wrote about
it in my first book how to look at
stocks how to break them down all the
basics PE ratios everything else that's
all in the book it's all described but
at the same time I use caution to say
you got to watch what you're doing you
can't just invest in the stock market
and hope that everything is going to
appreciate and that leads me to my last
Point what will you
do if the stock market reaches its peak
and then maybe it uh starts to come down
a little bit maybe you don't know how
will you be able to predict that top are
you able to that's the question I have
who is ever able to predict the top of
the stock market and the fact is that
nobody is you have all these computer
algorithms that are running out there
you have all of these different systems
that they have have on their own end not
on your end you might be able to guess
something here or there and that's fine
you have done a great job if that's the
answer to that however I don't think
anybody knows where it all will head in
a short period of time mid period we can
say that look long term if I look 20
years from now the stock market the Dow
Jones it might be at
100,000 I don't know that but that is a
possibility that is maybe even likely
but along the way what will happen you
don't know all those little things that
happen along the way they're all unknown
so we're drawing inferences based on the
information that we see look okay the
stock market in 1920 was this price the
stock market today is this price so I
might as well invest but look at what
you're really investing into what are
the risks you are taking and are you
prepared to lose every penny if the
answer is yes you can get into that if
you're looking for appreciation
specifically then cryptocurrencies
should be where you're looking at you're
not worried about risk you don't have to
be worried about the morality situation
you don't have to worri about any of
that if you're just going for
appreciation then do that it's all Fiat
it's all fake anyway it's all you know
up in your head when you look at what is
really intrinsic what has value to you
you know is it really a stock does that
have value are you really invested in
the corporation or you really just sort
of playing the game anyway these are
just my opinions that's I'll leave that
up to you you need to have your own
decision made when you get into these
Investments you need to know that that's
your money that's your savings it's all
on you but when you give that money to
somebody else through these different uh
stock companies or you know wherever
you're trading the money's not yours
anymore you own a share and the share is
technically I would see it as being
basically
uh in some ways Fiat there's nothing
really there you're not really owning
anything you're basically putting your
money with them then you want your money
back but what if the stock market has
declined significantly by then will you
want your money back or do you want to
let a
ride anyway this is me just ranting I
hope that you found it interesting just
a couple points that I wanted to make
people will make money off of anything
there's lots of ways to make money in
this day and age people will invest
their money wisely perhaps they will be
able to make a fortune and that has been
seen especially recently with
cryptocurrencies however will you be
able to predict the top or near the top
are you willing to pull your money out
if you've made 500% are you willing to
pull it out if it comes down by 300% of
that profit gets knocked off I don't
know I don't know what people will do I
don't know what you will do but I want
to hear it this is not a video for me to
tell you what to do this is just me
sharing my opinion about this I'm just
doing what I think is right for myself
for my family I have done um my my own
books to document exactly how I like to
break it all down and it has nothing to
do with the stock market I believe in
the money GPS strategy which is reducing
your expenses and becoming
self-sufficient with things like solar
panels and that's the way I proceed
that's the way I can deal with it that I
can sleep at night that I can be able to
handle everything so that's all for this
video enough ranting if you found it
informative please give it a thumbs up
and that's all for this
video and thumbs up for the
Watermelons take care